Jan 14

Tableau -- Good work on doing toot Thursday and finding the
name of dumbell chart. Below are my notes from when I tried
to re-create.  Using those notes and anyting else you can find,
make a dumbell chart of your turkey data.

Then, think about this -- what does the original graph convey?  Is
it a good graphic that helps you understand anything about relative
quality of teams, or predict anything about the season it is based on?

------

 * In a dual axis chart, you can't put in more than 2 measures.  So you coldn't put in one measure for FIP, one for ERA, and another one to somehow represent the line.
 * In the left pane, under "Data", There is a list of measures -- and one
 is special, that is #Measure Values.  That has all the measures.  When
 you hover mouse on it, the popup descrbes it as containing all measures.
 * Important for us, once you pull "Team" dimension to the rows area, our
 data only has two observations per team, 1 FIP and 1 ERA.  If we had
 multiple years, the dumbell technique would have to be modified.
 * If you drag #Measure Values to rows, you'll see Columns, you see it
 makes the "pill" a different shape, not an oval.  I figure that tells
 you it's blended.

Steps
	Drag team to Rows
	Measure Values to Columns, twice
	Right click on right-side Measure Values in the column tray and set it to "Dual axis"
	In the "cards" for "Maarks", one should be set to "Shapes" and one to "Lines"
	To make the lines not connect ERA and FIP, you have to click "Measure Names" from Dimensions to the "Path" in the card.  That makes it draw lines from one category name to another.


----------


Trig

Make yourself some flashcards with the coordinates on one side and the
radians on the other.  The coordinates are also sine (the x-axis) and
cosine (the y-axis).  Just do the top of the circle, up to pi, for now
(or you can do any hemisphere, the right hand side (cosine positive).

Start memorizing sine and cosine for each radian -- do 10 minutes or
so of each.


--------

Look at:

http://www.analyzemath.com/trigonometry_questions/right_triangle.html

quesiont 1 and 2 you should be able to do, you don't have to do them
but review that you know how and we'll work thru tonight.  Question 3,
I don't see how you would calculate the answer.

But question 4 is interesting and you can use the stuff you've memorized
to "crack" the problem.  See if you can figure out how.  One hint: the
ratios of the sides of all similar triangles are identical -- that is,
no matter how big AC is, the ration of AC:BC is the same for any right
anlge with a 30 degree angle.

---------------

Python

Parse a csv file again -- parse the data file you're using for tableau
and print out a line for each that says "FIP 3.2 and ERA 3.44"


