November 19


We looked at a way to make a very simple graph, with one un-labeled
line, for a set of x-y coordinates.

First assignment:  memorize these steps, how to make  a simple
graph

      1.  import pyplot from matplotlib
      2.  make two equal-length arrays with x & y coordinares
      3.  call pyplot.plot() with the two arrays as arguments

Copying from your notebook from last night make a graph of

xs = [1,2,3,4,5,6]
and
ys = [10,11,8,9,9,10]

It should make a line that goes up, then down, flattens out, and comes
back up.

Seond assignment:

You don't need to be expert in python to use it for calculations
and plotting -- you do have to have some organization, but you can
work it out as you go with python notebook.  Working on plotting,
there are three distinct technologies you are learning:
      python syntax
      using jupyter notebook
      features of pyplot

And all of that is distinct from "domain" knowledge -- that is, knowing
about a topic like global warming, baseball stats, or collision
safety to make intelligent guesses about what to graph -- what kind
of data to gather in the first place.

Then, there's a 4th item that is likely to come up which needs
familiarity with other libraries: gathering data and getting it
into a graphable format.

So it will be clumsy to start.

For introducction to Python, go to

    https://cscircles.cemc.uwaterloo.ca/

It looks like it might be a good, quick way to get familiar with
python features.  I think the first couple pages are stuff you already
know; then go on, work on it for 20 minutes or so.

Third assignment:

Make another graph using pyplot that has 5 data points and goes down
from left to right, that is, represents a decline.

Fourth assignment (thinking, no work product):

Go to https://matplotlib.org/, click on "gallery" under the site logo
and browse thru the various graphs they show.  Pick one or two that
might be able to represent something in baseball or birding and we'll
try to graphy it.  E.g., maybe "polar_bar_demo" could be used to show
how well a batter or some batters hit(s) in different situations --
"late innings behind by less than three, runners on base, less than 2
out", etc.



      
