November 21

What a dumb format, printing the names of the players over and
over!  What kind of dopes are they at My Fort Speeds?

It looks to me like they repeat the infielder lineup on every
"batterup".  This makes some sense, because there could be a switch.

Open up the dump of the file (c:/tmp/dump.txt) in notepad++ and
see if you can see the pattern to when the players are listed by
examining it.  It's not a very practical approach -- this is where you'd
like to have a "schema" that documents when the data is put
in place.  You may remember, when you store data in SQL, you
can inspect the table structur using software and at least know
where it's possible to store player information -- here we have
no way to find out but look at the dump file -- and it could be
that there are exceptions that.

-------

Thought problem:

What would some  ways to make it less repetitious, and still
be possible to determine who was playing at each position?

----------

Memory problem -- try to remember the syntax that made the dump
file.  Look it up in yesterday's assignment, then memorize it
for today.

---------

Programming problem

Write a program that reads through the c:/tmp/dump.txt file, one line
at a time (google 'python read each line in a file' or similar), and
counts the lines.  At the end of the program print out the number of lines.

("a program" just means a function, which you call from within
anaconda.)


---------

Modify the program above to count only the lines that have the
string "catcher:" in them (with the double quoutes), and print
out the number of times they saw it.

Modify the program to count only the lines that have "batterUp".

Are they  the same?

----------

Modify the program you wrote last night to print both balls and
strike count.

---------

Think about: Suppose you wanted the .txt file not to have any of the
information about who played what position, but leave the rest of
the lines intact.  What would a program have to do to strip
out all the stuff like this:

                        "centerFielder": {
                            "id": 10272,
                            "firstName": "Adam",
                            "lastName": "Jones",
                            "position": "CF",
                            "jerseyNumber": 10
                        },

without removing any of the other data?  Basically, this comes down
to -- if you read the file one line at a time, what  do you have to
keep track of to know which lines to not print out, and when to start
printing again?
